    === Hacking on arename ===

Documentation (pod) fixes, test suite enhancements, new features, more
example hooks are all welcome contributions to arename.

Changes to any parts of the main Perl codebase (ARename.pm.in, ataglist.in
and arename.in) need to pass the full test suite (make test-all - see
the TESTING file for details). If the test suite fails due to warnings
emitted by perlcritic, I am open to convincing arguments as to why the
warning is wrong (accompanying patches against perlcriticrc would be nice
in case I agree).

Please use *four* spaces (not tabs!) for indenting. The rest of the
coding style is not set in stone. Just use the same conventions as used
in the rest of the code for consistency.


Other than that, go wild. :-)

Just one thing, in order to avoid any trouble, arename will adopt the
Sign-Off paradigm like it is used by other open source projects such
as git or the linux kernel:


    --- Sign your work ---

The sign-off is a simple line at the end of the explanation for
the patch, which certifies that you wrote it or otherwise have
the right to pass it on as a open-source patch.  The rules are
pretty simple: if you can certify the below:

    Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

    By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

    (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
        have the right to submit it under the open source license
        indicated in the file; or

    (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
        of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
        license and I have the right under that license to submit that
        work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
        by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
        permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
        in the file; or

    (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
        person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
        it.

    (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
        are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
        personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
        maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
        this project or the open source license(s) involved.

then you just add a line saying

        Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

This line can be automatically added by git if you run the git-commit
command with the -s option.

Notice that you can place your own Signed-off-by: line when
forwarding somebody else's patch with the above rules for
D-C-O.  Indeed you are encouraged to do so.  Do not forget to
place an in-body "From: " line at the beginning to properly attribute
the change to its true author (see (2) above).

Also notice that a real name is used in the Signed-off-by: line. Please
don't hide your real name.

Some people also put extra tags at the end.

"Acked-by:" says that the patch was reviewed by the person who
is more familiar with the issues and the area the patch attempts
to modify.  "Tested-by:" says the patch was tested by the person
and found to have the desired effect.
